---
title: "AngleSharp v0.14.0"
date: 2020-03-13 07:13:00
categories: news release
author: "Florian Rappl"
userId: FlorianRappl
section: Posts
---
In the past few months it was a bit more quiet in the whole AngleSharp ecosystem. There have been a couple of reasons for this, but most importantly: **AngleSharp has reached maturity and is ready for going into 1.0**.

This is a big news. But why are we then reporting a release of 0.14?

For any software to be really mature the documentation plays a crucial role. We are aware that AngleSharp's documentation is *unfortunately* not *that* great. We'll try to improve this before going into 1.0.

One of the challenges with a proper documentation for AngleSharp is that we use no mono repo for AngleSharp. This challenge bites us in several ways. We could, actually change this, but for now we'll keep the different repositories as is. Instead, we'll solve the documentation part via microfrontends.

In the next two weeks our homepage will be changed to use [Piral](https://piral.io). All different modules will be loaded via pilets.

- One module for each library (containing documentation and more infos)
- One module for the **blog posts**
- One module for the **playground**

You read right - we will bring in a playground. This playground will be based on **Blazor**.

The advantage is that each repository can independently trigger a documentation update. We'll use a GitHub action for this.

More on this will follow!

PS: Yes, 0.14 is still a thing, but it mostly contains awesome bug fixes and improvements. Nothing really special. Why is it breaking? Because it forces `IBrowsingContext` to be `IDisposable` for cleanup purposes. Thus if you have an implementation of the `IBrowsingContext` interface somewhere that does not implement `IDisposable` you'll need to change your code there.
